1.2.1
	admin_notices
		target
			http://core.trac.wordpress.org/ticket/14696
			have to go through each message and deterine who it should go to
			this will bump required version up to 3.1
			might want to use is_user_admin() when setting or displaying
		error in addFeaturedImageSupport being added multiple times
			maybe b/c sitting on page and auto-save adds one?
			could not call enqueue if auto-save inside addFeaturedImageSupport, but probably better to check if message already enqueues inside enqueueMessage()
			might be fixed by 'target' task, but probably not
	test against 3.2 official release, update readme
	add option to disable the 'image media button disabled' warning. would have to be site-wide option?
		update error message to let them know they can disable it
	organize FAQ page into sections?

1.2.2
	double check that everything is sanitized
	give everything a once over, check comments, empty phpdoc lines, etc
	uninstall script
		take wpms into account
		uninstall settings but not data. note that on the installation page under an 'uninstall' section
	look into http://docs.jquery.com/Plugins/Authoring to see if you should do things that way
	
1.3
	add hooks/filters
		document their usage in readme.
	internatinoalization
		use bablefish to make crappy translations for common languages. 
		add list of transatlions to readme
			say 'contact me' to help out w/ translation	
	create own settings page, instead of on writing.
		check cimcool 1.1 plugins
		update the settings link on plugins page
	close infobox when click anywhere outside infobox
		$(map).click( function()
		{
			if( not inside current placemark box)
				close current placemark;
		} );
	add option to select map type, disable type selector for user, select zoom control -- http:www.svennerberg.com/examples/google_maps_3/properties.php
	
1.4
	add column on View page for address, icon
	try to get info windows to be auto height relative to content inside
	in list shortcode, order posts by latitude, zip code or something meaningful. api does return city/county/etc data
	add ? icon next to address field and move the 'you can type in blah blah' bit there
	
1.5
	realized too late that it didn't need ajax at all. oh well, at least it was good learning experience. take it out to improve loading speed and just reference older versions when needed
	

future
	some things may only need to run on the admin side, or only on the front end. check for that and handle appropriatly
		keep in mind http:codex.wordpress.org/AJAX_in_Plugins note 3 about being inside is_admin()
	custom icon for placemarks menu. maybe a pinpoint? (similar to default google maps icon, but not exact same b/c of copyright)
	some kind of internal help screen to let people know about the shortcodes, etc?
		probably just use the readme?
	log to console by default, so you can easily troubleshoot other websites? or maybe only if a ?bgmp_debug parameter is passed in, so you don't clutter the console 
	map won't load if theme doesn't call wp_footer(). add check to make sure theme is doing that. display error if it isn't.
	look into having a capability so users can control what other users can add them?
	
	if enough people ask
		add ability to create multiple maps w/ distinct sets of markers, but only if more people ask for it
			would create a post type for maps, then have a field on markers which define which map it's associated w/
		define z-index for each marker